Add Fleet & Agent 8.11.0 Release Notes (#580)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.11.asciidoc

*Impact* +
On typical workloads this is expected to decrease network data volume by 70-80%, while increasing CPU use by 20-25% and ingestion time by 10%. The previous behavior can be restored by adding the setting `compression_level: 0` to the agent output configuration.
====

[discrete]
[[breaking-3593]]
.`elastic-agent-autodiscover` library has been updated to version 0.6.4, disabling metadata For `kubernetes.deployment` and `kubernetes.cronjob` fields.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The `elastic-agent-autodiscover` Kubernetes library by default comes with `add_resource_metadata.deployment=false` and `add_resource_metadata.cronjob=false`.

*Impact* +
Pods that will be created from deployments or cronjobs will not have the extra metadata field for `kubernetes.deployment` or `kubernetes.cronjob`, respectively. This change was made to avoid the memory impact of keeping the feature enabled in big Kubernetes clusters.
For more information, refer to {agent-pull}3593[#3593].
====

[discrete]
[[new-features-8.11.0]]
=== New features

The 8.11.0 release Added the following new and notable features.

{fleet-server}::

> * Add new `upgrade_details` attribute to checkin requests and the agent index. {fleet-server-pull}2901[#2901]

Author: Yes indeed! I've removed this one.

{agent}::
* Add support for processors in hints-based Kubernetes autodiscover. {agent-pull}3107[#3107] {agent-issue}2959[#2959]
* Print out {agent} installation steps to show progress. {agent-pull}3338[#3338]
* Add colors to {agent} log messages based on their level. {agent-pull}3345[#3345]

> * Improve {agent} uninstall on Windows by adding delay between retries when file removal is blocked by busy files. {agent-pull}3431[#3431] {agent-issue}3221[#3221]

Author: I've removed this one and kept the one under enhancements.

{agent}::
* Improve {agent} uninstall on Windows by adding delay between retries when file removal is blocked by busy files. {agent-pull}3431[#3431] {agent-issue}3221[#3221]
* Updating Elastic manifests with NETINFO variable. Setting a new environmental variable `ELASTIC_NETINFO=false` globally disables the `netinfo.enabled` parameter of the `add_host_metadata` processor. This disables the indexing of `host.ip` and `host.mac` fields. {agent-pull}3354[#3354]
* The {agent} uninstall process now finds and kills any running Watcher process. {agent-pull}3384[#3384] {agent-issue}3371[#3371]
* Fix the Kubernetes `deploy/kubernetes/creator_k8.sh` script to correcly exclude configmaps. {agent-pull}3396[#3396]
* Add a secondary fallback for package signature verification, to enable reliable upgrades in air gapped environments where {fleet-server} is the only reachable URI. {agent-pull}3543[#3543] {agent-issue}3264[#3264]
* Enable tamper protection feature flag by default for {agent} version 8.11.0. {agent-pull}3478[#3478]
* Increase {agent} monitoring metrics interval from 10s to 60s to reduce load. {agent-pull}3578[#3578]

> * Updated Go version to 1.20.10. {agent-pull}3[#3601]

Reviewer: We could move this under the Security Updates section since it is primarily to fix CVEs.

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.11.0]]
=== Bug fixes

{fleet-server}::
* Fix errors produced by the {fleet-server} bulker to be ECS compliant. {fleet-server-pull}3034[#3034] {fleet-server-issue}3033[#3033]

{agent}::
* Enable resilient handling of air gapped PGP checks. {agent} should not fail when remote PGP is specified (or official Elastic fallback PGP is used) and remote is not available. {agent-pull}3427[#3427] {agent-pull}3426[#3426] {agent-issue}3368[#3368]
* Prevent a standalone {agent} from being upgraded if an upgrade is already in progress. {agent-pull}3473[#3473] {agent-issue}2706[#2706]
* Fix a bug that affected reporting progress of the {agent} artifact download during an upgrade. {agent-pull}3548[#3548]

> * Upgrade `elastic-agent-libs` to v0.6.0 to improve restart, uninstall, and shutdown performance. {agent-pull}3632[#3632]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade `elastic-agent-libs` to v0.6.0 to fix the {agent} Windows service becoming unresponsive. Fixes Windows service timeouts during WMI queries and during service shutdown. {agent-pull}3632[#3632] {agent-issue}3061[#3061]
```
